Let’s talk about how to do the decomposition
of strategic business goals
in general and go to the
map of structural units.
If we have about 20 goals on the corporate
map, then decomposition we start with the
projection of the staff and the projection
of the business process.
As a rule, all the goals we have stated
in the business process
projection are subject to so-
called decomposition.
We reflect on the activities,
projects that need to be
implemented to these goals,
as well as the principles that
need to be followed in order
to these goals.
A small example.
Let us go back to the company that
works in the kitchen furniture market.
In the business process section, they
have a goal that sounds like improving
the quality and functionality of products.
At the stage of strategic
planning, it was decided that
there are 6 main ideas that
will contribute to the level
of product quality and
functionality will increase.
The company is going to implement the
quality management methods of the
6C system.
There is such a fashionable 6C
system, some thoughts the company
seems very good, it is going to implement it.
To improve the quality and functionality
of products in this business, it
is important that the
production personnel are interchangeable.
The third point is important for rapid implementation
of innovation.
The company does not invent innovation
itself, it is actively learning from
Italians, Germans, Scandinavians and
is trying to quickly master it.
It is clear that you need to use
high-quality components for
high quality and functionality of the product.
Furthermore, the company
needs high-tech equipment with
a high degree of automation.
On the production site where this
is all produced, it already
exists, but you need to
put this equipment on two
new production sites.
In addition, the company is going to
develop a corporate production standard
in which all the nuances of the manufacturing
of the product will be prescribed
as detailed as possible and will
be indicated the typical or
most common mistakes that employees
at different stages of the manufacturing
of the product can make and
which can ultimately affect the
quality and functionality
of the finished kitchen.
The goal of improving the quality
and functionality of the product
was essentially broken down into
half-purposes, which can be called
events, tasks, projects and principles.
The second example, the same company,
also the business process designers,
the goal is stated as building
a strong brand, but the brand can
be defined as a competitive idea and
the company is trying to sell its customers
ethyline along with its own furniture
and promote it in every way stands
out Italianity and here
is one of the principles
stated in the system of the
event is the bet on Italianity.
Channels of communication with customers
are also prescribed, this is a advertising
video on TV, advertising on radio,
a fairly important importance
gradually gains for the company
advertising on the Internet, advertising
in the media, in addition some money
will be spent on outdoor advertising
and brand booklets plus catalogues.
Plus, the site that the company has
at the moment is hopelessly obsolete
and the company is going to
rebuild it, invest in this money,
considering it a very important
tool that contributes
to building a strong brand.
This is how the business decomposition
aims to build a strong
brand.
This slide presents a cut-out
of their map of goals and business
level indicators in general.
You can see that the goal of
increasing the value of a business
is monitored through an indicator
of the size of equity.
What is the value of
own capital at a given time.
The goal of increasing profit
is monitored through the indicator
of economic profit.
The goal of increasing customer
satisfaction is tracked by two indicators.
This is a comprehensive index
of customer satisfaction, they offer
customers to fill out a questionnaire.
The main factors have been listed.
It is quality and functionality,
design and end-to-end, service
support, timing, how the salon works,
all the main factors.
The second indicator that the
company uses to monitor the
target is the number of complaints
from customers.
If you go down below, business
processes in particular have the goal
of increasing the speed of order execution,
the indicator here is also quite
clear, the average time of
order execution.
Here they have another indicator, not
specified, is the number of orders
delivered on time.
We promised customers such a
deadline, there is some amount that
we managed to fulfill in the agreed
time, there is a number of orders
that we were not able to fulfill
in the agreed time.
Another goal of business processes is the
implementation of design and technological
innovations, the number of these
innovations that have been implemented.
The expansion of the salon network
is monitored through two indicators,
deviation from the schedule, opening
of salons and budget.
The main indicator is the percentage
of occupation by competent
personnel, well, and the
last one goal is to increase
the satisfaction of staff,
there are two indicators,
also quite understandable,
the satisfaction index
as ahead, the flow as behind.
On this slide you can see that the company
links the system of goals and indicators of
the business level in general with the organization
structure.
The structure of a large
cell consists of four units.
This division, which is headed
by the financial director of the
abbreviation FEDE, is
the division that heads the director
of production, he has in subordination
all production, all logistics,
design, as well as the
service center.
The marketing director in this
company leads the marketing
and sales function that is
carried out in the salons.
And finally, the company
has a HR HR HR manager.
The crosses in this matrix
indicate that the structural
unit bears some responsibility
for the good or bad value
of a particular indicator.
Two crosses mean that the
responsibility for good or bad
is greater than the others.
For example, the value of the own capital
of a business, to some extent,
for the size of the own capital
are all responsible.
All in one way contributes
to the value of own capital
increasing.
But it was decided that the role
of the financial director is a little
more than the rest.
The average time for execution of
orders is determined to be influenced
to some extent by the units
subordinated to the Financial
Director, and the units
subordinated to the Director
of Production, and the units
of Marxing.
The guilt or merit
of the producers is usually greater
than that of others.
Therefore, we put two crosses in the column
of the DP - the director of production.
Current of personnel.
Unwanted flow of personnel, which
can be a problem for the company,
also affects absolutely all
second-level managers.
But it is decided that the main
guilt or major merit is usually
the guilt or merit of HR.
In principle, this table,
this matrix is a good basis for
making clear and understandable
maps of structural units.
A small example of responsibility
for the importance of the
indicator of unwanted flow of personnel.
Imagine a financial director
working for a company
receiving email information
from a HR manager.
This is the content.
The staff manager, digging on the Internet,
found on the Internet on one of
the sites a resume.
An employee who works in the accounting
office, subordinate to the financial
director, she secretly from the job
of the donor is looking for a job.
The tasks of HR usually include
periodically looking at the Internet
and looking for a job of an employee
of the company secretly from the
work of the dealer.
So, a resume of one employee, was found
on one of the websites, she is
looking for a job.
And HR makes the financial
director aware because her subordinate
tries to find a job secretly
from the donor’s job.
The financial director calls a subordinate
and asks, Masha, we found your
resume on the Internet, you
are looking for a job secretly
from us, what happened, what is
wrong, what problems?
Maisa asks if you are satisfied
with my work?
The financial director says, yes,
we, Masha, are very happy with
your work, you are a great guy,
you do well to keep the magazine
No. 7, which we have commissioned
you, we have great plans for
you, you are our personnel
reserve, we hope that you will
be very good and continue
to develop in our company.
Masha asks, and please tell
me, here is the level of salary
that I am offered,
how much does it, in your opinion,
compensate for my efforts?
The financial director says,
sorry, Masha, but I don't believe
if your levels are currently
on the market, if you don't have
enough, then why didn't you
come and tell me that I miss,
I think I should earn more,
I would gladly raise your salary,
but you should have told
me about it, I believe
that if people don't
ask, then they, in principle,
all are satisfied.
And Masha says that my mom and
dad brought me up differently,
they told me that you should not
ask, you should work well, employers
should see it and value
it and add, but you should
not ask.
And Masha says it’s easier for
me to quit the company than to ask for it.
Well, what she actually did, she has
already agreed with another employer,
she was promptly raised her
salary there, tried to raise
it, but she has already left.
And the CEO is in a very bad mood
because the future financial director
has left, he also had great hopes
for Masha, he thought that it was
the future financial director,
and here is the question of who
should be shot in this situation,
the financial director or HR,
whose fault is more in that this
employee left the company.
You can conclude, probably, that
the fault was both, I think that
the task of HR is not just
to sit on the internet
and look where to whose resume
hangs.
Ideally, HR should have drawn a portrait
of Masha for her immediate
manager, say the financial
director, but keep in mind
that Masha is specific
to us, she won’t ask.
And second, the level of wages in the
market for such specialists is about
that, decide yourself, it is your
resource, your budget, if you think
it is necessary to make wages higher,
do it, if you think it is not
necessary, do not do it.
But I told you in time that the portrait
is like this, the salaries are like this.
If HR did all this, there would
probably be no claims to him
on this indicator, but in this
situation there are obviously
questions to both
and to the direct manager,
who must deal with their
resources, budget including,
and to HR, who helps
functional managers
to do so.
In the next slide, I want to show
you an example of a system of objectives
and indicators of a factory that
is part of a
large machinery enterprise.
The head of the factory has an
A4 paper with 12 key indicators
in front of his eyes.
One of the indicators, financial
indicator, is the indicator of
sales profitability.
A few words about the specifics of this plant.
Almost all the products produced
at this plant are consumed as
part of the group, as part of the calling,
and domestic prices are
prescribed by the central headquarters.
The director of the factory is told
that the products produced in your
factory are sold within the group
at such prices.
If your costs are lower,
you make a profit.
If you have real costs that are
higher than the prices we brought
you from the headquarters,
we have registered a loss.
Some volume of products it
sells to external customers
outside the group, but small.
The planned value of the profitability
of sales, the share of the internal profit
in the internal revenue, was 10%,
in fact we see that it turned out
to be 8%, in fact they could only make 8%.
That is, the actual costs incurred
at this plant were slightly higher
than planned.
Prices are fixed, they are
the same as planned.
But the costs were large, so the value
of the profitability of sales in fact
turned out to be less.
In the project, the customers three indicators
- the number of complaints per 100
deliveries, the number of new customers
that were able to attract, and the
number of terminated contracts, customers
who left, ceased to
be served at this plant.
In the business process projection,
5 key indicators are the average delivery
time to customers in days, and the second
indicator informs about how high
the percentage of compliance with
delivery times to customers was.
According to the plan, we would like the
plant to be 97 percent timely, in
fact, they even managed to do 99 percent.
The third indicator at this plant
is how well the suppliers
with whom this plant works are
fulfilling their commitments
on time.
A very important indicator is the share
of marriage, well, and
the indicator of
productivity, productivity, volume
production is the latest in
this projection.
In the projection of the staff they monitor
three values are morbidity, traumaticity,
this is traumatic production, people
can injure their hands, get
sick with the flu in the winter,
these are undesirable phenomena, ideally
no more than 5% of working time
is lost because of the fact that
people have become sick or have
some kind of injury.
Staff outflow and
satisfaction are two
indicators that add to the morbidity.
The arrow indicators you
see in the second column
tell us whether the
indicator is upward
or downward.
Or the more, the better, as with
sales profitability, new
customers, or customer delivery
deadlines, or the less,
the better.
This is the number of complaints per 100
deliveries, the flow of personnel, the share of marriages.
The third column contains the planned
values for a certain period.
Then we see the fact, the actual meaning.
And a very interesting third column uses
such a value as the degree of
achievement of the goal.
How close we are to the goal
that hangs.
As if we had 12 carrots hanging
high enough above us, and
we must reach out to each
of them.
How much we jumped, how
much we reached, was not enough.
This is by this third column
- the degree of achieving the
target value.
Profitability of sales according to the
plan - 10%, in fact, it was possible to perform
by 8%, respectively, the degree
of achieving the target value - 80%.
The number of advertisements per 100 deliveries.
Either we were told, or we
agreed with the higher management
this amount, no more than
three complaints per 100
deliveries, but in fact it
was four.
The customer has sent 4 complaints.
Accordingly, the rate of achievement of
the target will be 67% if rounded.
But we can find in this list
the values that have been overcrowded,
such as the number of new
customers.
The agreed goal is 10 new customers
over the period.
The company has managed to attract
12 new customers.
Over-performance - 120% performance,
the same with respect to delivery
times to customers.
The target value is 97% of deliveries
exactly on time, in fact 99% of
the deliveries we have
managed to do, we record the
102% value in the third column.
Disease of staff.
We wanted that no more than 5%
of the total working time fund
should be spent on simple,
sick time.
In fact, we got worse, 8% and
half of the working time was
lost because people were sick.
Accordingly, in the third column, we
consider the degree of achieving
the target value very small, 30%.
The carrots hanged high enough,
we jumped, but not very high.
What next?
Then you can simply add these 12 values to
divide by 12, to calculate the average
value according to the degree of
achievement of the goals.
The average is 81.3 if you
simply add all these values
and divide by 12, to count
the average.
You can a little differently, it is probably
more interesting, you can take into account
the weights.
It can be assumed that not all indicators
are equally significant, not all
have the same weight, not all are
equally heavy, or all are
equally light.
There is something easier, there is something heavier.
For example, on this slide we see a version
with weights.
Such the most important, most important
indicators are recognized as profitability
of sales, its weight of 0.15, the number
of complaints per 100 deliveries from
customers also weighs 0.15, compliance
with delivery times to customers in
percentage also weighs 0.15, the
share of marriages also came into this
list, such very important indicators.
All other indicators are important,
have some weight, but it is
slightly smaller, but the sum
should be a unit.
And then we weave the column SDC, the
degree of achievement of the goals, weigh
the column weight and fold in the third column.
The degree of achievement of goals with
the weight being taken into account is
slightly less than in the previous slide,
there we got 81.3, here we get 80 with
the pennies.
So, looking at this slide,
we see that the plant has achieved
80% of the performance
that was set out or agreed
with it at the strategic
planning stage.
Because, as a rule, we write goals
for structural units on the principle
of road with bilateral movement,
on the principle of bottom-
up, bottom-up and on the principle
of top-down, top-down, it is a very
important moment for the employees
of structural units to
participate in the development
of the goals they will, they are
a little different then to this
relate that most people
feel bad if they are married
without their NATO consent.
If an employee was called to the
stage of the development of goals,
at least he heard his opinion, even
if he left with the opinion imposed
on him from above, but he at least
spoke, he at least heard, he will
have a slightly different
attitude toward the goals
he should.
And so we see that the factory,
headed by a certain person,
has achieved the goals set for
it at 80%.
With only 12 parameters, we try
to look at this plant from all sides.
A convenient format of visualization, it
is not a table, but a chart.
And in particular, this factory
uses such a web that I
would like to offer
your attention.
All the same indicators are not
in a table, but in the form
of a diagram, or as they call it a web.
Ideally, this line should go
through 100%, ideally, each
indicator is done at 100%,
ideally, we jumped and got
every carrots that hanged
high enough.
Somewhere we even jumped over
the carrots on two indicators,
somewhere we performed at a fairly
high percentage, somewhere we had failures.
The deeper the curve bends inside
to zero, the worse, the more
the head of the unit
should be alert.
We see that there were quite
serious failures with
the morbidity of staff, too
much working time was
lost because people were
sick or injured.
We see that the marriage was not
so good, the curve is far
enough from 100%, the delivery
time of the suppliers was
not so good.
There were sizes where the factory worked well.
It’s just a visualization
tool, but since most people
are visual, they want to
look not on a tablet, but
on some graphics, for example.
It is logical to assume that the system
of objectives and indicators of the
structural unit should be bound by
the system of wages.
So, the work of the structural
unit of this plant as
part of a large
machinery enterprise we control
on 12 key indicators.
Reporting can be submitted in the form
of a web, in the form of a table, and
in addition to the fact that we
link the system of purposes
and indicators of the reporting
system, we usually link it with
the system of pay.
The system of wages for
the general director of this
factory, the head of this factory,
he has some fixed amount
and bonus.
Let’s say the planned value
of the bonus is one thousand
conditional cash signs.
This is a thousand conditional money
stamps, it will be paid if all indicators
are performed at 100%, if the SDC,
the degree of achievement of the goals,
will be 100%.
If there is over-execution, it will
pay even more.
Let’s assume that there was
no over-performance, but there was
a 100% performance of each indicator.
Accordingly, the planned value becomes
a fact, and the bonus will actually
be one thousand.
But if, as in this example, we see
that the degree of achievement
of the goals, all the goals
in the end, weighted average, not
100%, but 80%, then actually the
bonus that is paid in addition
to the fixed fee will be equal
to 803 euros.
So, we see on this slide that the
value of the bonus added to
a fixed fee is tied to the achievement
of the target values of
12 indicators sorted
by four projections of
a balanced system of indicators.
In any case, we must have
indicators that inform
how well the staff works,
what is his qualification,
what are his competences.
We need to have indicators
that inform us about how
fast and quality processes
in this unit are.
We need to have a client
projection that allows us
to get feedback from external
customers, either from internal
or both.
All structural units
are in the budget.
Some structural units,
in addition to the budget of expenses,
have a planned value of income.
Therefore, the compensation system should take
into account the value of the indicators
from all four projections.
So, in order to successfully implement
the strategy, it is necessary
to spend time transforming it into
understandable goals and tasks
for individual employees
and structural units, to provide
indicators, to put control
points and to link the pay
system.
One of the most controversial issues
that can be discussed at the stage of
implementation of a strategy is the question
of who in the company we explain
the business strategy.
We explain this only by the second
level, whether we should descend
to the third level and whether
we should reach ordinary performers.
It is clear that in a construction company,
the procrastinator at the construction
site cuts tasks to his subordinates every day.
He tells the stone-makers that today we
lay a wall, the height by the end of
the day should be like this, the bricks
are placed like this, and explain
some individual nuances.
To another employee he says that today
we are digging the depth of the trance
like this, the width like this, and so on.
If all this is done, the compensation
at the end of the week will be the following.
Cutting down tasks today somehow
contributes to the strategic
goals of the construction organization
as a whole, but should we explain
to the staff of the
corporate goals and why we
should act this way rather
than differently?
Why should we bypass this wall
that we see in front of us on
the left rather than on the right,
and why should we not jump over it?
If I stay with the construction
business, I remember the logic
of one of my acquaintances who
commands the construction company.
He says he understands the important
strategies for business.
In a competitive market, this is important.
Without a clear strategy, you cannot
survive in a competitive market.
But if you go down to the second
level in the hierarchy, if you come
to the chief engineer, he tells me, and
talk to him about strategy, then the
chief engineer will say that
strategy is a game that is sold
in the child’s world.
He recently bought his son, and he
no longer knows and is unlikely
to guess that the strategy for business
is useful.
He is unable to clearly formulate
the strategy of the construction organization
itself, although he is the chief engineer,
the second person in the company.
Down to level three, we talk
with proof.
Prorab, according to my friend, does
not know the word strategy at all.
The chief engineer knows, but he thinks that
this is a game, and the prorab does not
know the word strategy at all.
Well, finally, we are descending
to the fourth level in the hierarchy,
where, according to the CEO, the
unknown people work, so he calls
them his company.
And he does not find it necessary
to explain the strategy to them because
he has an extremely low educational
intellectual level in the company,
and in addition, they are extremely disloyal.
They work with him today, they move
to another place tomorrow, and then they
will come back to him again.
At the construction, the reeders cut
them up tasks for today, dig from the
fence until lunch.
It is clear that achieving these, fulfilling
their task, contributes to the fact
that the company achieves some goals
in the customer department or in
the finance department.
But to explain the staff strategy
to the ordinary CEO in this
company is not going to.
I think people are different, I
think there are people in the company
who work better if they understand
why we are still bypassing
the wall I think there are
some people like that in
any organization.
Some of the other people are working
quite well, very well, if they
are told that we are digging today
from the fence to lunch, and why exactly
from the fence and why exactly before
lunch, why the trance is such
and not such, and how it correlates
with achieving the goal in
the client section they do
not know.
But at the same time they work very
well and don’t want to bother themselves
with thinking about why we
do it.
If the management of the company begins
to explain this to them, they say, don’
t waste your time, yours and ours.
You tell us what we have to
do today, tomorrow or after tomorrow.
But we don’t need to explain why
it is so and why it is not different,
and how it relates to higher goals.
We will do everything well.
But for people like that, I don’t think
you need to explain.
Another thought on this topic.
Once I had a discussion with my
friend who works in a company providing
communications services,
telecommunications business.
We argued about whether the company’
s strategy could affect the list of
objectives and performance of
the average employee.
For example, a driver who drives a boss
at one company to another, at a meeting,
takes him to the airport, meets
a boss at the airport, sometimes
throws his accounting into the bank.
Such work is done.
It would seem like the same thing.
The first, second, third, fourth transmission,
do not drive through the holes, so that
the car does not break often,
do not violate the rules of
traffic, and so on.
Wherever he works, in a
business school with some
strategy, or in a
telecommunications company with
some strategy, his actions are
basically the same.
And the map of goals and indicators
of this person should coincide.
But after discussing, we decided that
it did not coincide to the end.
A business school in this industry
can have its own strategy, it must have
its own strategy.
And in this industry, a business
school may differ from other
organizations in what Western
diplomas offer on the market.
Well, one of the competitive
advantages, we offer in this territory
the degree programs of serious
Western business schools.
And in this business school there are
constantly some foreigners, and Swedes,
and Germans, and French, and Americans.
And periodically have to drive to
the airport, to meet another
foreign guest.
Well, perfect, perfect English
from the driver in this company
no one demands.
But asking “How was your flight?”
he is able.
The driver who has come to the job
in this organization is told
“You should know English”,
at least at a simple level,
because our business school’s
strategy involves internationalization.
That we work with Western programs,
with Western diplomas, we
have a lot of foreigners in our
guests, with them we need to build
relationships.
To maintain these relationships,
you are also involved in this,
you periodically wander in
the airports, meet and take them
there, don’t just look at the road,
maintain a conversation, asking
“How is it?”, “How was the flight?”
and so on.
You need to know English there.
This is a small strategic specificity
of your work in our business.
All the rest is the same, the first, second,
third transmission, do not drive through
the pit, do not break the D.D.
If this person is fired from this company
and goes to work in another, in another
even industry, in telecommunications,
he will also be told there "First, second,
third, fourth transmission, do not
drive in the pitches, do not break
the D.D.", but will add that in
our industry, in our business, it
is very difficult to distinguish
from competitors.
The telecommunications industry
is quite complicated in terms of inventing
differences from each other.
Almost not the only way
to distinguish the company colors
and logos.
In one organization in this industry red
and white colors, in another yellow
and red, and in the third - blue and green.
And in one organization in
this industry there is a
small fleet of corporate cars that
are painted with
corporate colours.
It is not good for the company to drive
dirty around the city.
The driver’s card says “wash
the car five times a day.”
Not every day, but if the weather
is bad on the street, then he has
to wash the car 6 and 7 times a day.
It is an element of marketing strategy.
The popularization of brand colors, the
promotion of brand colors is one of the
important factors of competitive struggle
in this business.
The driver is told that a small specificity
of strategic work in our business
is that you need to wash the car
more often.
You may not know English, in another
company with a different
strategic specificity you
must know English.
But in our business you can be without
language at all.
But washing the car often is necessary,
and this is your small strategic specificity.
To finish my spark I would like
to quote one American manager
who says that you can have a great
fantastic strategy, but if
it is not translated into understandable
for individual employees, let
the ordinary people who refuel
on the gasoline station with
fuel capacity and not control
this process, then all your
wonderful plans can simply be
in the box of the desk of
writing and not realized in practice.
The most important conclusion from
our course – strategy in the company – is
the matter of everyone.
The fundamental concept of the organization’
s development should be broken down into
a comprehensible package and action for
individual employees, provided
with indicators and marked
with certain control points, linked
to the reporting system and necessarily
to the incentive system.
The main conclusion of this course is as follows.
The company strategy, usually briefly
formulated, should be translated
into an understandable package
and action for individual employees.
In companies, you can
often face problems.
A sales employee comes
to the manager and says,
“Boss, I read on
the company’s internet,
our strategy is briefly
formulated, it excites
me very much, I’m two hands
for, I’ll do everything
I can to these goals,
but explain what I specifically
should and shouldn’t
do in my workplace to
help the beloved
company its goals.”
Accordingly, we have to
break down the briefly formulated
strategic concept into
pieces, into component elements,
into actions, events,
projects, put them as tasks in
structural units, provide
indicators so that this
can be measured, timelines and
names, and link them with the
system of reporting and necessarily
with the system of
staff incentives.
I would also like to say that this
tool, which we have considered with
you, has been tested in companies
of a wide variety of industries in
the manufacturing, trade and service
sectors in recent years.
It has been tested in companies
of all sizes, in large corporations,
and in small hairdressers.
In addition, it has been tested
in classic focused on making
profit, and in so-called non-
profit organizations
that do not seek to maximize
profit.
At one conference in Germany, I managed
to listen to the head of the police
station in the city of Offenburg.
In Germany there is such a small
town, Ofenburg, there is
a police station, a police
station, whose employees read
Guru's books on this topic decided
to make a strategic map and
a balanced system
of indicators for
their small organization.
There is a specificity there,
because they cannot declare profit,
capitalization, value, revenue
in net cash flow as the ultimate
goals they are pursuing.
They have the same four projections
– finance, clients, processes
and personnel, but somewhat differently linked.
Finance is a budget that
should fit into.
As customers, this structure understands
the inhabitants of the city
in which they exist.
As if there is no competition in
this city, there is one police
station that can not work in
other cities, and police from
other cities do not come to this
city, but they want to position
you as an organization
that provides the safety, peaceful
sleep of the city’s
residents.
They themselves periodically question
the inhabitants of the city,
conduct questionnaires, what is good,
what is bad in the work of the
police, what is like, what is not like,
what we could do better.
There are checks from the regional center
of Stuttgart, which also ask the residents
of the city what you like in the
work of the police, what you do not like.
There is a projection of the business process,
there are standard values,
the disclosure of crimes, the average
time of arrival of the machine to the scene
of the accident, there are some decisions
on the personnel.
This tool is used not only in
classic business-oriented to profit,
but also in the non-profit sector,
and non-profit sector organizations,
non-commercial structures also
benefit greatly from the tool,
as it allows you to structure
thoughts, bring them into
the system and break down
the organization’s goals
into the structural units,
linked to the reporting
system, with the staff
motivation system.
I hope you can do this successfully
and successfully implement
your own strategy.
Thanks for attention.